{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28200\viewh13400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Current smooth loss: 86.4286\
Text at step: 500\
h,onaararth to aass bint-, Ie hi io	r loo l v -f treltoarantyryoMil,yt, rarud sod Mo"r tiaa" ho. tote tetT  Ie tIe. tLo wdyteminwds ohno " thi. oo c tist ts sdeaun  Le to tooo ar s out 	Lh sI "aen ss \
\
\\textbf\{Current smooth loss:\} 75.2454\\\\\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\textbf\{Text at step:\} 1000\\\\\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 oc ra v!afltfeed wec hawtalasentvitaVnint sklicl cis hon domwEqrohes Wh mag bvencmhle ehembhe au ouncabnttlindg aitdem wre tond. . oot..Hh  h er..  an he as..P ordarnct cche.tot ae oP caocie ihatd the\\\\\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\textbf\{Current smooth loss:\} 45.3403\\\\\
\\textbf\{Text at step:\} 10000\\\\\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 rear to cumw"  a Musw.  Mr. Wearly sar boker Mr sthese ace ad. . . . Croighsoons.\
"Dund Sumare the klood heree de ham sh huing the ther gromked under to bear hamien," sald hers an. Mr-."\
	"Ther an. Cr\\\\\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\textbf\{Current smooth loss:\} 42.8697\\\\\
\\textbf\{Text at step:\} 20000\\\\\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ey bureliourd fime quiting nig doritirut? Harry daake, Harry home che'r keevey, w hear, they now a sto ling the was kick - jick wiolded.  "Phe wiolled," he surpisire have firtaoShed as it The ssar cat\\\\\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\textbf\{Current smooth loss:\} 42.2604\\\\\
\\textbf\{Text at step:\} 30000\\\\\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 soan to Dug melless it't so, Ang Hermiove boundrit hex memedly besting ot soving.\
"I'm restly goin over that in elle exltad  Hetion oum if shiming stose cokntion yot' bad re. sakill off nepto with fi\\\\\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\textbf\{Current smooth loss:\} 41.0739\\\\\
\\textbf\{Text at step:\} 40000\\\\\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 he one theag-EVle with stiming, Veak in the cantared Vereatued he mank though Eght. .' dald ittumin ssott will; through for thillt him his thought, bick.  Voo faltend and felle wall wand waghtrong of \\\\\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\textbf\{Current smooth loss:\} 41.8505\\\\\
\\textbf\{Text at step:\} 50000\\\\\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 him to look; thrifing, Harry Krum digghed ru!"\
It felled the was his anto sassadd whisleving they de and Geatheros," she goan, workeds.  ver hig.  Sn couthished nulianly.  He had, and OMd Culg aft th\\\\\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\textbf\{Current smooth loss:\} 40.5995\\\\\
\\textbf\{Text at step:\} 60000\\\\\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 rt.\
\
"The yofel bord mance dave, bevionind, that surct," said Ron's in the mozard.\
"Eim eyest intsher the treater haverited than stead to otroln fremind, it wald alk it dles," shillun hast goss ip fru\\\\\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\textbf\{Current smooth loss:\} 40.6328\\\\\
\\textbf\{Text at step:\} 70000\\\\\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 as unor her ground ulough wild Dobby tany, "he nocked the dose was oftray nextry had they way be comly.\
"Shat suam Kover?"  sand at "Wear any was poome they sand from pain gaves.\\\\\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\textbf\{Current smooth loss:\} 38.9638\\\\\
\\textbf\{Text at step:\} 80000\\\\\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0  he wasen; slied side otsich Mows at nexal...ner," you, him old his anto he apen indering ure to the dulked to mardorout Ron Malk, the riuh collaked.\
"Woodrey off to giruly?  The was was notten.  He h\\\\\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\textbf\{Current smooth loss:\} 39.7245\\\\\
\\textbf\{Text at step:\} 90000\\\\\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 rre was and to dished wouldn'ts it been this into be woble to the thought as the flaghtailfucticed, and agling wo not his cloets the streat the sorken.  A to stared - he wash.  Finms to conded though \\\\\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\textbf\{Current smooth loss:\} 40.7586\\\\\
\\textbf\{Text at step:\} 100000\\\\\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0  inty's fotcly and pitch?" said let any knew accungeas he a wash, what the bove. Duff necat of can't of Fung couther and Damboring tog tho has be ap torestle for Dumble's larged it when in the crowed \\\\\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\textbf\{Current smooth loss:\} 38.2172\\\\\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\textbf\{Text at step:\} 125000\\\\\
ard - bit suid he pated ou hays like pated to the stth. 'gore the ent alling ting to he so encarssest hivene at Dumbledore. ," seat us -"\
"Weired to pervoat to the scaring wanky," Ho streed?" saids. \\\\\
\
\
\
1000 chars\
Current smooth loss: 39.7124\
Text at step: 350000\
didly yer the inton.  Lankf go Moody, You way, in ungisar of the so he not it hampely, where that sut, Peveraging red bes.\
"Ex. Woucd and the wruzcoid beaking, when think moth nothed his work up nean that his thutes.\
\
A senteich.  Thoity dind ata kinking dant was Harry, and it was don't showt betrow, Hermione mily. . . . . . . . . ..... . . . I in to caircest, to mans, whey want.  "I see going he sawn her, azy!  They wand anything a some rent was stope my any feet.  "I at as Bagming was. . . . ... A at that umbacted head an caller an away sood ventent that light hopped one., bejow to triming dusters to safarss, and them.  You and her, thong, looked soose that swindre bow.\
"Yeit to be mottredent. Harry.  Iched with has all it it getters whan a been the tollurling.  But gle's in most the drap.  "Hugrine in.  "And Mabar tip Horry throng to tho was the got he get.  He was elsenss of anit - Hermye.\
Becones.\
Thed agwinglin.\
"Yel fill all lig to And glos. le toD so Harry Vildow and thoud of M\
\
\
\
\
\
another 1000 chars\
Current smooth loss: 40.5298\
Text at step: 340000\
t!" he snow he had not to strest fics whying - he regh thake calle clopersy crouze and the drugh hemebbed of we stary in scar sidder?, looked and mobe."\
He was comen dobbing, is!" said smem, the, they lookaralius axaco was Harry in the blats repuly make he stack he happed of the wad, scave Harry lind, thimbwage, her How compet, boiples, arite sminict with at thoutced in his sep thought ansessoors on the Moigh, . . . Harry vere in the squey most eld fly offed the gight, the wearing through butterer, at the trens remoked years othep.  "I shild room that tempnyr .y.  "The doaring them pully eying to did on that neam his on lo-dricily Alootce into was lived hip likting now, and gear, you was ground her folling had gs, is into yip lookey'd ouldringloiufalled of counned his more in fur!"  sow at exke two sewth be inlourdetith aT up, but this grown eyes now deppeft in this sore the crimess the which; - who light," said Hermione of could sirith scrouchutoed furriss moff look my flee side she w\
}